{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15820\viewh14520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 VirtualBLS.net - Core Therapy Game Files\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 This repository contains the custom game logic and WordPress integration files for 
\f0\b virtualBLS.net
\f1\b0 , a web-based video game adaptation of EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) therapy designed for use by trauma therapists.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 License\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 This project is licensed under the 
\f0\b GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 (AGPL-3.0)
\f1\b0 .\
The AGPL is a "copyleft" license designed for network-based software. If you run a modified version of this software on a server and let users interact with it over a network, you must make your modified source code available to those users. This ensures that the tool remains open and transparent for the clinical community.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Note: This license covers the software logic (PHP/JavaScript) only. It does not include proprietary third-party plugins, branding, or user-specific clinical data.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Project Structure\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 This repository includes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 functions.php
\f1\b0\fs24 : Custom PHP hooks and directory-generation logic used in the WordPress 
\f4\fs26 functions.php
\f1\fs24  file.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 /custom/
\f1\b0\fs24 : The core JavaScript (jQuery/Ajax) and CSS files that drive the EMDR game mechanics.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 /templates/
\f1\b0\fs24 : The directory structures and entry files served to users upon registration.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Prerequisites\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 To run this tool, you will need a standard WordPress installation with the following environment:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CMS
\f1\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wordpress.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 WordPress}}\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Theme
\f1\b0 : Twenty Twenty-Four (or a child theme thereof)\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Page Builder
\f1\b0 : Elementor\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Membership/Subscription
\f1\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.paidmembershipspro.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Paid Memberships Pro}}\cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}
\f0\b Some version of Jquery.min.js
\f1\b0 . Place it in custom/resources/scripts.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Installation
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Environment Setup
\f1\b0 : Ensure your server permissions allow for the creation of user-specific subdirectories as defined in the 
\f4\fs26 functions.php
\f1\fs24  modifications.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}
\f0\b Theme:
\f1\b0  Select a wordpress theme (This project uses Twentytwentyfour)\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}
\f0\b Functions.php:
\f1\b0  Copy the relevant code from the functions.php file in this repository into the one for your theme.\
{\listtext	4.	}
\f0\b Generate assets: 
\f1\b0 Create
\f0\b  
\f1\b0 video backgrounds and target images. Upload to /resources and /targets respectively\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1\b0 5
\f0\b .	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Shortcodes
\f1\b0 : Use the custom shortcodes defined in the code to embed the game into your Elementor layouts.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Clinical Disclaimer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 This software is a tool for licensed clinicians who are (at least) \'93EMDR Trained\'94 as defined by EMDRIA\'92s educational standards. It is not a substitute for professional clinical therapy. Users are responsible for ensuring their use of the tool complies with local regulations and ethical guidelines regarding trauma-informed care. Collingwood Enterprises, LLC disclaims any and all liability for the use of this software on oneself or with clients.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Data Privacy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 While the code is open-source, any data stored in the WordPress database (user profiles, subscription details, or session logs) is 
\f0\b private
\f1\b0  and is not governed by the AGPL. Ensure your hosting environment is HIPAA-compliant if you are storing protected health information (PHI).\
}